added documentation in contributing.rst about test failing locally (#185)
ericmjl/pyjanitor: CONTRIBUTING.rst

    $ flake8 janitor tests
    $ py.test

   flake8 and pytest are installed when you create the development environment.

>    When you run the test locally, these test are expected to fail:

Reviewer: Thanks for the PR, @SorenFrohlich! One small minor suggested change:

```suggestion
   When you run the test locally, these test are expected to fail if you don't have the optional dependencies (e.g. ``rdkit``) installed:
```

>    When you run the test locally, these test are automatically skipped if you don't have the optional dependencies (e.g. ``rdkit``) installed:

Reviewer: @SorenFrohlich, actually, on second review, I think it may be more maintainable and compact if we change this line to:

```suggestion
   When you run the test locally, the tests in ``chemistry.py`` are automatically skipped if you don't have the optional dependencies (e.g. ``rdkit``) installed.
```

And then we can delete the rest of the lines. Doing so makes this more maintainable.
